All right so welcome back my students on the last lecture we started the show page here.
Well we're going to break the specific comments for specific post.
All right.
So let's go to a post common controller here.
Let's go to our show.
Mad year and we're going to work on this one here because what we want to do is bring the post down
.
All right we're going to find or fail this post.
All right.
And we want to bring the pope's comments.
That is a sign it all very well their call that we want to return to view
with admen comments that show and then fasten that comment.
OK.
All right.
But before we do that we need to go back to posts in that year and posts in that speech and change their
role here if you have not done so ready to show and pass an ID of post ID.
All right let's go back to our post click on to your comments and there is no comments here for these
folks.
Let's go and go to post again.
Let's view the polls and make a comment real quick.
Just making a comment.
And as you can see your message as being Samit is waiting moderation.
Cool.
All right.
Let's go back to our real quick.
We've got to put a link up there.
And this view and there you go.
We can approve it or approve it actually delete it.
That was delete.
Oops.
But as you can see it works flawlessly.
All right.
So let's just do another one real quick because i was fun.
Here we go.
And this has to be.
Let's go back to it.
Let's go to the show.
And he would for some reason we don't have that the lead
.
All right
We're now seeing the the lead functionality here.
For some reason supposed to be right there
as a proof.
Supposed to be the lead actually.
There we go and we probably have the polls like Doswell right.
So
let's check the polls real quick.
In other polls have that.
What about comments comments have that those who have that believe either.
So let's go back to comments real quick
and they delete functionality.
All right.
Just in case you guys don't have a whoops.
What was that.
I'm making my own classes now.
There we go.
What is not a proof.
It's the lead.
Now we're good.
There we go
.
All right.
What if that post had more comments.
Well we'll have another one here right.
Let's go here and create another one.
Go back to wildmen posts.
And as you can see we have more for that specific post.
Let's share and let's change this here.
Comments
alter
.
We didn't lose good.
We're making progress guys.
We're making progress.
All right.
Looking really good.
So thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture